OSDOCS-19410 back porting most recent zero-trust docs to 4.18 PR#1 (#110828)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-spire-agent-config.adoc

apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: SpireAgent
metadata:

>  name: cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: cluster
```

Author: Done

`spec.logLevel`:: Specifies the logging level for the SPIRE Server. The valid options are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, and `error`.

`spec.logFormat`:: Specifies the logging format for the SPIRE Server. The valid options are `text` and `json`.

`spec.nodeAttestor.k8sPSATEnabled`:: Specifies whether Kubernetes Projected Service Account Token (PSAT) node attestation is enabled. When enabled, the SPIRE agent uses K8s PSATs to prove its identity to the SPIRE server during node attestation. The valid options are `true` and `false`.

`spec.workloadAttestors.k8sEnabled`:: Specifies whether the Kubernetes workload attestor is enabled. When enabled, the SPIRE agent can verify workload identities using Kubernetes pod information and service account tokens. The valid options are `true` and `false`.

`spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.type`:: Specifies the kubelet certificate verification mode. The valid options are `auto`, `hostCert`, and `skip`.

> `spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.hostCertBasePath`:: Specifies the directory containing the kubelet CA certificate. Required when type is `hostCert`. Optional when type is `auto` (defaults to /etc/kubernetes if not specified).

Reviewer: Few questions.
- What is the value is `skip`? If it's optional again, then you need not mention about being optional when it's auto. You can delete that sentence.
- If the default value irrespective of type? If yes, then what's significance of having a required field? If not, we need to specify that.
```suggestion
`spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.hostCertBasePath`:: Specifies the directory containing the kubelet CA certificate. You must specify a value when `spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.type` is `hostCert`. Optional when `spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.type` is `auto`. The default value to `/etc/kubernetes`.
```

Author: Done

Reviewer: @wgabor0427 the questions aren't resolved yet. Can you confirm the behavior here?

`spec.logLevel`:: Specifies the logging level for the SPIRE Server. The valid options are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, and `error`.

`spec.logFormat`:: Specifies the logging format for the SPIRE Server. The valid options are `text` and `json`.

`spec.nodeAttestor.k8sPSATEnabled`:: Specifies whether Kubernetes Projected Service Account Token (PSAT) node attestation is enabled. When enabled, the SPIRE agent uses K8s PSATs to prove its identity to the SPIRE server during node attestation. The valid options are `true` and `false`.

`spec.workloadAttestors.k8sEnabled`:: Specifies whether the Kubernetes workload attestor is enabled. When enabled, the SPIRE agent can verify workload identities using Kubernetes pod information and service account tokens. The valid options are `true` and `false`.

`spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.type`:: Specifies the kubelet certificate verification mode. The valid options are `auto`, `hostCert`, and `skip`.

> `spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.hostCertBasePath`:: Specifies the directory containing the kubelet CA certificate. This value is required only when type is `hostCert`. When `skip` is specified, the TLS verification is skipped. When 'auto' is specified, {product-name} defaults to `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet-ca.crt` unless `hostCertBasePath` and `hostCertFileName` are explicitly specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.workloadAttestors.workloadAttestorsVerification.hostCertBasePath`:: Specifies the directory containing the kubelet CA certificate. This value is required only when type is `hostCert`. When `skip` is specified, the TLS verification is skipped. When `auto` is specified, {product-name} defaults to `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet-ca.crt` unless `hostCertBasePath` and `hostCertFileName` are explicitly specified.
```

Author: Done
